[Music]
welcome back to
let's play outlayer sophie my name is
karsten
we just got some more recipes so let's
try synthesizing
and see what we get what to make
do not have enough materials
and my alchemy level is too low
all right well i can make some of these
[Music]
things
what do i need of that
that
ideally
[Music]
i want to get something else of those
that i can make on my own
let's see if we can make this
we're gonna be probably making
everything eventually
and
[Music]
and let's see
i have a bunch of these we'll just use
one of these
shapes okay
not too worried about these mainly just
doing these to
do them
that's the shapes yeah like that good
that is shaped like that
[Music]
yeah this looks good
let's do that now
now we want to redo that
uh put that there
[Music]
and that there
oh yes this is good
and then that there
[Music]
sure good enough good enough for what
i'm trying out right now
i hope i can rotate those at some point
[Music]
yeah
all right so we've got those
and let's see what materials
make one of these
[Music]
so i'll do two of these
[Applause]
hmm about dresser well water
[Music]
i guess i'll just use well water
and for here let's see that because both
of those
have that shape
[Music]
so for here
let's use cobalt grass
it actually is let's use magic grass
okay let's start
put that there this is good
[Music]
and
[Applause]
[Music]
this isn't bad
now we want to put that
[Music]
that's what happened do that and then
that there
[Music]
okay we'll try that quick
all right got an alchemy level out of
that
[Applause]
make more of those
i need to level up more
got materials i guess i can make more of
these
[Music]
let's try it with one of these okay
let's start
this isn't bad and let's see
that's good
[Music]
i will do that yeah
and then put that there
sure good enough
that only gets me one xp okay
what materials to use
can i make
more than one of these
well no i don't have enough materials to
make more than one
is this good okay let's start
[Music]
so that's what happens yeah good
this isn't bad
[Music]
um this is good
all right so now i'm level six now i
just need paper to make the bomb what
materials to use
that gunpowder just need paper and
neutralizer
okay so let's go into town
[Music]
and let's see this is
now that's the world map don't want to
go to the world map i want to go to
i need to check the cafe
[Music]
welcome thank you for which request will
you accept
[Music]
i can turn in one of those
thank you so it's 37
for one i got 10 of them so i guess it's
not a simple multiple i guess it's
i don't know
so i need to get crystal shards okay
[Music]
i may as well do that
thank you very much
and i'm sure i'll run across these guys
again at some point
and a green puny i'm sure i'll run
across these guys again
welcome what rumor any of these are time
sensitive and uh doesn't look like it
thank you for coming sophie
what rumor do you wish to hear let's
take a look here
is that room see if any of these do
anything
is that rumor okay yeah let's see if any
of these do anything
[Music]
okay
these are cheap with how much money i
have so let's just thank you very much
may as well just get
get all of these
is that thank you
streamers also float center and roll
shouldn't get too disappointed if you
missed something well
yeah but still
when tired you won't be able to use your
full abilities remember to rest yes
well is that room thank you very much
to go through stages when it comes to
becoming friendly getting to know
each other little by little yes
gradually become friends with people and
that unlocks conversations with them etc
etc
is that rumor okay thank you
[Music]
welcome what rumored i think that's
welcome yeah that's all of them right
now
okay
now if we go to
[Music]
here
oh that's
[Music]
harold
harold's simmons or simmons
and sophie why are you littering around
here
it's my line why aren't you working in
your clock shop
i'm done for the day it's past closing
time my shop had a little closing time
than this
no i changed the closing time starting
today you're just trying to slack off
again
i'm not slacking don't say rude things
like that
i'm the owner of the shop i choose when
the store opens and closes
besides i wouldn't have customers even
if it was open now
you're saying things like that again
don't act like that you need
to work you inherited that shot from
your dad after all
don't need you to tell me what to do see
you later
[Music]
he left always slacking off on his job
you should work there properly yes well
he should let's see
do you have anything what do you want
anything that counts as paper
[Music]
doesn't look like it i'm gonna grab some
more of these though
is this okay thanks is all
and
three of those
is this thanks grab some of these
and some of these
those are interesting shapes i'm not
worried about them right now
i'm not worried about those right now
that is just
fuel
[Music]
okay hold off on everything for else for
right now
[Music]
let's see anything happening here
sophie you came at the perfect time
[Music]
what's wrong do you have some time right
now
yeah i do that's good can you help me
with what
cleaning the church oh great
[Music]
pamela i've brought sophie she said
she'll help with the cleaning
[Music]
i think i remember isn't she a ghost or
something i remember remembering a
different one
it's been a while sophie thanks for you
so much for coming
sorry i couldn't come here lately pamela
don't worry about that
you can talk later you should get the
cleaning done first otherwise it'll get
dark
all right then let's begin
cleaned up quite a lot that was quick i
swear there was a character that looked
kind of like that in one of the previous
ones that was a ghost but i don't
remember if it was her or not
i feel as though there's still a lot
left that's enough for today thank you
both
all right you need to throw away the
stuff here
let's see none of it's really usable i
suppose so
can i take some of it i might be able to
use it for alchemy
feel free to take as much as you want in
fact you can just take it all
and that's all it would be i feel kind
of bad
[Music]
you could pay for it then well you don't
really have to worry about that
okay no give it to me free shut up
uh in that case man if i take it as a
donation for the church
you can leave a donation in exchange for
taking some of this stuff does that
sound okay
yeah sure whatever
okay i'll be donating lots of money from
now on no i probably won't
not until i can be making a lot more
[Music]
okay so where is this stuff do i have to
gather it
that's interesting choice of music for a
church
don't talk to me right now playing hide
and seek by myself
okay you just get on with that
welcome buy lots of things to help the
church okay
what will you buy from me
is that paper yes that's paper
yes give me paper thank you very
[Music]
much
not worried about the fancy ones right
now
um
it's a gym i'll grab it so i have
something
[Music]
i'll grab one of those
but just keep track of how much i've
bought so okay
it's like a shop that i have a total and
presumably things will happen once it
reaches certain thresholds
[Music]
you have anything to say
and how about you
okay you just keep on with that
[Music]
what should i study i don't know
okay
[Music]
[__] i can't get in this there's no map
in the corner on this
area i guess it's because it's just like
considered a shop or something
can't jump over the peels okay uh
let's just go yeah let's just go back to
the uh layer
and i guess those things got
automatically moved
[Music]
okay so now okay
i should be able to make the bomb
quality will decrease well oh i see it's
level 10
up in the corner what was i thinking it
was six
well i don't care cereal should i
[Music]
oh use on
yeah we use that one uh i don't have a
neutralizer though
i only have one
yeah let's hold off
if i look here
what's this oh that's paper of course
that's ingot
investigating bookshelf
[Music]
okay
it's a different bookstore then that's
save
what's over here though
almost broke a plate okay
bookstore
[Music]
hello elise
well that looks like best girl
welcome sophie thanks for coming
what do you need today are you looking
for anything in particular
i just wanted to ask you something do
you remember if my grandma bought any
strange books in the past
i don't remember i see
did something happen yeah there's a
strange book in my house so i was trying
to figure out where she got it
my grandmother collected lots of books
so even i wouldn't know everything she
had
i see thanks for telling me elise
sorry couldn't be any help oh no it was
still helpful
by the way what kind of book is it a
floating talking one
a talking book talking
yes it's a talking book
sophie are you sure you aren't tired
from all that alchemy you should take a
break
you don't believe me talking book sounds
like something straight out of a fairy
tale
then come over to my alley sometime i'll
introduce you
okay i will it's a promise
yes i promise also since you're here why
don't you browse some books
some of them might have useful
information for you
okay i'll take a little look
all right let's see what do you guys
have to say
[Music]
see if there's a new book out
[Applause]
some books are fun to read from him to
be from end to beginning
but i like mixing up all the pages and
arranging them into my own story
okay you just do your thing
researching the ecology of monsters if
you have any questions come ask me
you'd like a fortune teller that didn't
tell a fortune
pages of each book can hand flow easily
they must be made with good paper each
letter is clean and clear
okay this little can be synthesized
but let's look around
see if there's anything else
[Music]
so i thought i saw one of these others
or maybe that's just
i guess it's just getting any of them
i'm not seeing any other pop-ups here
welcome
thank you for coming feel free to take
your time
what will you buy
magic page quality no magic
[Music]
right
these are cheap let's grab some of these
oh thank you
for usage and just
miscellaneous stuff
i'll go ahead and grab some of these too
thank you
so some interesting shapes
[Music]
feel free to come back anytime
okay now if we look under here
and this
performing monster at night and
completing more requests
well for right now
[Music]
let's go back here
okay let's see if we can synthesize what
material should i use this
oh that's gonna need a neutralizer too
is there anything i can buy that has
that because i only have one
of those and i'm reluctant to just use
it
this is a cutscene or
[Music]
huh vloggy
if it isn't sophie
oh it's been a long time logging where
did she go i haven't seen you
at all for a while i was traveling for
training
traveling for training what did you do
well all kinds of stuff
i learned new methods and techniques and
search for minerals
what were you doing sophie um i've been
thinking about becoming a full-fledged
alchemist lately
i come here pretty often look for
materials
alchemy huh well it's good that you're
hard at work
thank you oh i should get going soon i
need to make preparations to open my
shop
see you again see you again
wait open your shop
[Music]
can you what do you want
sell me anything
that has
[Music]
no doesn't look like
doesn't look like it
[Music]
let's go over here see if anything
happens
nope how about
let's go to world map and take care of
some of those quests
oh places to go wow lots of places to go
where should i go
[Music]
let um take a look what's here
green puny
green pony and i need to defeat some
blue poonies and ghosts
so it looks like i'm going to have to do
here
[Music]
and it's night time how convenient
okay whoa they look pretty tough
[Music]
and they're both doing warning all right
so all your blitz
light edge
and
[Music]
actually um we'll do defensive
and we will do it on the same one
you stay defensive
[Music]
and just attack that same one
fly away
[Music]
they hardly put up a fight
okay guess getting a few levels really
did help out with us
okay got crystal shards i needed those i
believe yep
defeat goes completed and what about
that other one
they look pretty strong
now we'll just try this
time to get back to observing plants
okay
and we can do the shining crystals all
right
um
[Music]
so we got the ghosts i'm gonna hang
around here until
daytime
[Music]
to get the poonies
what did i find
neutralizer r can be synthesized thank
you
[Music]
this won't be easy
all right attack that one that says
[Music]
warning
here i go
[Music]
all right everybody attack that one that
says wait
am i targeting the right one no targets
that one
[Music]
easy enough
slay nuisances can be recorded all right
so can i check the requests here
in monster feathers
[Music]
so if i look in encyclopedia
and i look up monster feathers
they show up
[Music]
looks like that's in town
maybe i can find someplace else all
right well let's leave here
where are we going next let's check out
some of these other places
uh let's take a look up here
[Music]
this is thanks to my good karma hp
recovered all right
that red dot is still there hmm this
looks
okay whoa they look pretty tough
[Music]
okay well
hmm defensive
on these guys
[Music]
that was kind of painful
you do that and you yeah you go ahead
and attack as well
[Music]
okay so your
brake status whatever that does
let's have everyone be offensive stance
i think that means it has 13 hp left so
i think i can finish it off here
yeah i say as i fail to do that most
damage
oh there we go 13 exactly
[Music]
okay you guys scare me
let's see over here
green puny don't mind me
just here for the gathering points
this way
[Music]
and here
where are we going next next let's
go
[Music]
here
well today i learned you can encounter
monsters on those
all right well let's see you
[Music]
well i guess still go after that
[Applause]
ow yes wide open
[Music]
okay you need to
heal yourself
you attack
[Music]
that one
time to use this
[Music]
this fight's over i'm gonna
you guys be on defensive
[Music]
and keep attacking
that one i guess
[Music]
please do not die
how could i lose fly away that sucks
[Music]
okay well that's kind of annoying
all right
[Music]
well we should still be able to finish
it off
there's only one left
[Music]
especially if you get break status
whatever that does
here i go
[Applause]
[Music]
with killing my dudes wide open
here i go great work everyone
almost got another level out of that
[Music]
yeah you know what um
i'm gonna go back here
[Music]
because that was painful
hey we should go gathering together
sophie
i told you before but i wouldn't be of
any use in combat
that's not why i'm asking i want you to
tell me which materials are good and
which ones are bad
stuff like that i see i understand
in that case i'll accompany you yay
then let's get going
by the way this is the first time we're
going outside together isn't it
now that you mention it yes it is it's
quite refreshing
it's fun walking around with you pocta
well you're flying not walking
hey you can we ask you a question
huh but me yes
a question for you what exactly is that
flying
book huh um
what should i say i wouldn't want to
create a spectacle
it's better if less people know about
this um
well you see i'm an alchemist i made
this book myself
i figured it would be funny if a book
flew around
you know weird things are amusing right
an alchemist
[Music]
hmm so you're an alchemist what a
coincidence
huh what's the coincidence we're
actually researching alchemy
wait really you're still so young that's
really amazing
we're researching it but we don't have
the natural talent
so we can't do anything with it
yeah but it's still pretty fun to
research things even if you can't do it
yourself
anyway miss alchemist can we ask your
name
sure i'm sophie who are you
i'm maklet i'm automatic
[Music]
as we said before we're researching
alchemy we may come to you to ask
things about it we'll see you then
sophie
oh sure come ask me anytime
we should get going automanna yes
see you later sophie
there was something about those two i
got this really strange feeling
oh well sorry for making you wait plata
let's go gathering now
i'm going home huh
this weird flying book is going back to
the atlear
go gathering by yourself bye
wait is this about what i said to them i
was just kidding
wait up flocta come back
[Music]
yeah all right so let's send those back
to the container
i can make that which i will definitely
do
next time because right now this has
been going especially has been going on
for quite a while
so we will go ahead and save and in the
episode here
thanks for watching hope you enjoy and i
will see you next time
it's a little bit heavy on the cut
scenes to start with but uh further in
i'm sure that we will
be spending more time gathering and
fighting and doing alchemy
so see you then
[Music]
welcome back to let's play athlete or
sophie my name is carsten
sorry for the audio issues both quality
and possibly sync issues that ran into
on the last couple episodes
i've redone some things and hopefully
that will be a thing of the past
now what i wanted to do next well let's
take a quick look at events
yeah we need to get ingot so
if we go down to recipe ideas
what does ingot need ingot is probably
this
[Music]
farm monster at night and completing
requests
okay
so we needed to check if
there are any requests oh we can go in
the clock shop we'll have to do that in
a moment
but first let's check the request status
you are at the bunny girl
which request will you accept so let's
report these
thank you very much
[Music]
i need to still find some monster
feathers i'm sure i'll find some
got them thank you very much
okay as well grab these okay
and turn in the crystals
any difference between these okay
now we got inferior ones that have
traits and average ones that
don't um
just throw in some duplicates when do
you have to get four
uh okay fine
i'll take those thank you
i can't one of those yet and you don't
have any rumors do you wish to hear
um 150 worth of rumors
may as well take a look is that rumor
okay thank you very much
[Music]
at least runs the bookstore sells paper
yes we figured that out
welcome what rumor and basket
thank you very there's a limit to how
much can fit in your basket play close
attention so where can i see how much is
in my basket
well i guess i can take a look when i'm
out and about welcome
assuming that's a dialogue that they
have to cancel out of and it's not it's
just something showing to the side that
rumor okay
thank you very much
fighting monsters and stuff so we just
come up with ideas for doing
stuff which i think we've kind of
figured out picked up a few ideas
more or less at random thank you
and here
and he will give us more stronger ones
as we get more stronger
is that rumor okay thank you very much
and come up with
maybe sometimes we have to use items to
come up with ideas okay well that's good
to know
is that rumor okay thank you very much
and monsters
[Music]
yeah well they know they have a warning
before they use them we were told that
in the tutorial
speaking of which okay good everyone's
back up to full
i've got that filled in presumably from
completing those requests
speaking of which now that we've picked
out which request back in
no there's not more requests okay
now let's go to
the clock shop
[Music]
carol what are you doing oh it's sophie
i'm working don't bother me i didn't
know i'm sorry
isn't it obvious he's working
huh wait working you're a clock maker
right
yeah i guess but it doesn't look like
you're working on a clock no matter how
i look at it
i'm sure it doesn't i'm not working on a
clock after all
can you really call that working then
yep i'm the shop owner if i say i'm
working then i'm working
so what are you doing i'm making a gun
a gun i've never heard of that what is
it
i don't blame you for not knowing i
didn't know what guns were until
recently either
guns or weapons they use explosive
powder called gunpowder to fire bullets
i got this from a traveling merchant
lately i've been spending all my time
making these
huh you're really skilled with your
hands so i guess you can make anything
pretty much gunsmithing is uh really
deep and complicated i like it
i see
but this is a clock shop is harold not
working on any clocks
all right so
i guess i can go over and talk to him do
you sell stuff
bored why are you standing around i'm
not going to serve tea or anything
nope i guess you don't sell anything
either okay
[Music]
she's over at the edge of town why is
she at the edge of town
[Music]
and now let's take a look and see why
she's over at the edge of town
[Music]
assuming she's still there and she's not
of course not because now it's night
well let's go to the world map
[Music]
where are we going next
uh let's take a look over here
because i don't know if we've been here
yet i don't think we have
oh there's new thingies
come here okay whoa they look pretty
tough
well that's not a wonderful thing to
hear
[Music]
they have 60 hp and they're level four
that is
kind of annoying for my current level
[Music]
i'm gonna put you
i guess you can be on offense
maybe defense
and uv defense
[Music]
[Applause]
here i go
i'm doing some decent damage at least
i guess those levels i got earlier
really did help
[Music]
okay let's go offense now
and that one's in break so i'm gonna
even though it's almost dead
i want to try to do something about that
one
because warning is never a good thing
[Music]
[Applause]
okay well that interrupted it
and this one is going to get an attack
in it looks like
[Music]
here i go great work everyone
okay now i'm up to level four so that
should help
and those things weren't quite as bad as
i was expecting
getting those levels recently really has
helped a lot
i feel stronger i can apply this
experience to the future
[Music]
so i guess i got new skills for everyone
and a chest
which has stuff in it okay
[Music]
all right got some of them okay come
here let's do our best
and then there's a bunch of them that do
any of these things i have
this defensive aura field i don't
think i need to worry about that right
now but i will
use some skills now what do you have
increases damage for all allies that's
good
you can do this over an area can you hit
you can hit three of them it looks like
is that all four of them
it looks like that might be four of them
yes it is so do that
i'll be your opponent come on
[Music]
i can't stop now
ow
well maybe i should have okay well
that's
good i was worried that i might have
gotten hit with a
status effect which would have been bad
okay
so
let's work on finishing that guy off
and then go from there
that damage boost really helped
that used up a ton
whatever are those lp
mp it is mp okay i wasn't sure
i'm not sure i want to fight more of
these guys right now
but i will gather definitely want to
gather
[Music]
oh now it's daytime
okay good we got some more of them
what do we have around during the day
here oh and it's raining oh we got honey
and some whatever those are
[Music]
and what do we have here some more honey
and we'll grab this
we have
all right so that was definitely
worthwhile
now let's see what do we have next
[Music]
hey what's that thanks to my good karma
and
let's go down here what other things do
we have
we have uh cars requests
display a blue puni
and here we have booties
[Music]
and some things we already have what is
over here though i'm guessing there's
also poonies here i don't think i've
been here
[Music]
and we have yeah some other things we'll
go ahead and gather
here wait
are there blue poonies here
[Music]
that looks ominous
no no no no no no no no
oh crap they look pretty tough
um can we run
that music really does not sound good
actually hurt
okay i want to get that gathering point
and then i am leaving
[Music]
that's a new thingy
there are other gathering points over
there but can i risk it
[Music]
so yes here at night bad
where should i go we should go
over here
because i want to no
we shouldn't we're low on lps
[Music]
sophie are you home
uh elise what's up i came over to see
the strange book you told me about
before
do you mean me
wait is that book floating my name is
flucta
it's nice to meet you oh it's nice to
meet you too
i'm elise wait a second
that book really is talking i told you
so
yes you did i'm quite shocked
i've never seen you so flustered before
elise
hey i'm plucked out right there's
something i wanted to ask you
what is it how do you feel right now
i don't understand what you mean i'm
sorry maybe that was too vague
how do you feel when people read you
plocta
i want to know how books feel
i suppose if i had to describe it
according to human emotions i feel very
happy
as a book naturally it's pleasing for
your information to be of use to readers
i see that's good now i'm feeling happy
too
it's also quite pleasant when my pages
are filled with more information
[Music]
i'm sure the newly written pages will
attract new readers as well
yes a book is meant to be read by people
[Music]
then i guess i'll just have to read you
thoroughly
yes i have great expectations of you
sophie
you two seem to get along well yeah
[Music]
anyway now that that's done i should be
going if you want to read any books feel
free to come
visit my store your store
[Music]
at least runs the bookstore bookstore
i'd like to go
you're welcome anytime i'll see you
again
and uh yeah i want to see what these are
fairy balls okay
and these are of course beehives and
what are these
strawberry these those are strawberries
okay
look more like raspberries or something
but
if you say so
[Music]
yeah next up we need to check okay good
it looks like everyone's
lp's got filled in
now i want to go to the
world map again now that everyone's lp's
are up
who's that
why did it turn dark is it does that
mean it's going to be night by the time
i get there it probably means it's going
to be night by the time we get there
clock trick is straight out and
everything all right we're going to go
to the world map
all right where to we're gonna go over
here finish off that other request
unless it's night and raining
in which case we probably just get
ghosts
[Music]
yeah it goes okay come here come here
get over here okay
let's do our best
wide open these guys aren't doing as
much damage or i'm not doing as much
damage to these guys as they did to the
others
yeah they hardly put up a fight
okay well i still like one and two shot
at him
okay i need to see who can actually
there's basket okay so when i'm in town
basket automatically changes to
container
okay so it looks like i have 60 spots in
the basket
hard coat um
[Music]
i can discard it let's see um
hard coat can be equipped by
these people
all right so if we go to equipment can
you equip the hard coat
and will it boost your stats i cannot
change your equipment well that's
wonderful
um how about you you already got a hard
coat
and you
that will boost your defense okay may as
well
[Music]
let's see you up
yeah they did okay get over here
i just want it to be daytime
let's end this quickly
here i go
[Music]
yeah i see the skip on skip off
i don't know what that means the button
changes it to mean that or
what down on the lower right corner
there
but it doesn't seem to have much of an
effect on standard attacks anyway
okay is it daytime can we has poonies we
can has poonies all right
what color poonies was it was it blue i
think it was blue
yeah blue poonie all right come here
blue poony
[Music]
they sure like targeting him
uh go ahead and
heal yourself if it's not over by then
maybe over by then
[Music]
let's do maybe our best that other one
that's right there
[Music]
[Applause]
time to get back to observing plants
okay well that's well enough for here
and we're probably going to end up with
more cut scenes too
let's head back to town all right where
to
report the requests
[Music]
probably run into some more cutscenes
called it
sophie are you home you've come for a
visit
oh both of you perfect timing i actually
have something amazing to tell you
something amazing like what i'm sure
you'll be surprised
come on what is it stop putting on yours
and just tell us
okay okay you see there's a story about
this really amazing cauldron
an amazing cauldron what kind of
cauldron well you see it's called the
cauldron of knowledge if you obtain it
it lets you use really amazing alchemy
huh amazing alchemy like what
um i don't know oh so
where is the cauldron of knowledge
anyway well i don't know that either
sounds like you don't know anything
about it who'd you hear the story from
from plucked up but it seems like she's
forgotten all the details
and it doesn't sound like something to
worry about you don't even know if it
really exists
but it does sound like something out of
a dream you can understand why sophie
would want it
yeah i really want to find it but
i suppose so if there's anything i can
help with just tell me i'll do what i
can
me too in exchange though if you find it
i want to use it a little
that's fine thanks you too i'll be going
now
i should leave too see you later sophie
yeah see you later
[Music]
if i had that cauldron i'd be able to
use alchemy like
grandma did i'll definitely find it
[Music]
and just send those to the container
let's check
recipe ideas how we doing
[Music]
41 out of 100 let's go turn in those
requests
my book girl is up there
[Music]
let's start by going to the street i
want to just take a look around here see
if anything triggers
another cut scene of course oh it's
slowly what's he doing in a place like
[Music]
that
sophie why are you here that's my line
why are you in a place like this loggie
this is my shop starting today
i'm making preparations now wait a shop
what kind of shop is it
what kind of shop it's obviously a
blacksmithing shop
you're a blacksmith uh why are you so
surprised we're living in the same town
for years you know
that's true but i didn't know that at
all
well it's fine anyway i'm opening a
blacksmith shop here so
maybe you could help me spread the word
oh okay
i understand i'll let everyone know
thanks for that
that reminds me i've been going outside
a lot lately maybe i should ask lucky to
make some me some weapons too
all right so let's see welcome thanks
for coming
what do you need today oh what do you
sell what are you buying
ore or or stone
stone and a shovel
or or or gunpowder gem
i will hold off on buying those for the
moment
but it's good to know that's there
[Music]
and what do we have around here
what do you got i restocked the goods i
was short on
buy whatever you want what do you want
to buy
well let's see
[Music]
i don't think i need to buy any of these
right at the moment
[Music]
let's go in here and report the requests
bunny girl's back welcome
which request will you accept oh
oh that's a new one okay i was going why
did it not
get that because it's new thank you
are these all the same looks like
they're all the same
thank you
[Music]
that'll take all my pony fluid but
that's okay
i can get more if i need to
thank you
[Music]
thank you very much
maybe the extra payment has to do with
how much time is left i don't know
thank you very much i get well there was
a bonus if i did the other one but
oh well yeah i can turn in that thing
that i made
make some profit out of it
welcome actually i don't know if i made
a profit or not but what rumor do you
wish to hear
okay this
[Music]
well these are all just regular generic
information things not too worried about
those though i may check out time
but this though this is going to change
something
is that rumor okay thank you very much
[Music]
seems beehives without any inhabitants
were found in the blessed forests
a little strange but there's no fear of
being attacked by bees
and their values being easy to handle
okay well i already got some
welcome
[Music]
and can we make it can we make it not
quite
[Music]
if i go here
looks like everyone
[Music]
i want to take a look over here and see
if she says anything while she's over
there
just real quick
probably in the episode soon too as well
[Music]
elise hello sophie hello why are you in
a place like this
i at least need to go outside on my days
off staying inside all the time is
unhealthy
so you're taking a walk did you walk a
lot no i was just reading over there so
i hardly walked at all
wait you read books when you're outside
too
yes that's right but and it doesn't
really make a difference if you're
outside or inside
that's not true reading is a gentle
breeze softly blows by
is a much different feeling than usual i
guess it is different now that you
mention it
right picturing you reading under a
quiet shady tree is kind of nice too
do you really think so yeah i think it
would be picture perfect
really thank you
[Music]
all right let's go back to the shop
or back to the uh out there
see if we get a cut scene and probably
just save
[Music]
[Applause]
no cutscene next time we will do some
crafting
or alchemy but for right now we'll go
ahead and end it
hope you enjoy thanks for watching and i
will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atleast
sophie my name is karsten
this is actually a post commentary
because i apparently
can't manage to record two things in a
row without something going horribly
wrong on one of them
so i have to re-record the commentary
because there was no commentary recorded
the first time i have no idea why
in any case what i decided to hear
basically is just
catch up on some synthesis that i
haven't done yet
starting with
[Music]
i don't even remember what i started
with probably should have watched this
again first
but i do need to i do eventually make
all of these
and i spend way too much time agonizing
over which materials to pick for things
that
i'm really too level for too low level
for it to matter
basically i just need to craft
everything catch up on crafting
everything
and then eventually unlock more stuff so
i can craft more stuff
so i can unlock more stuff and
eventually get on with the plot
we do get a little bit of plot in this
episode later on
but i do notice that these are called
neutralizer are
i'm trying to remember what they were
called in the previous ones but i don't
think they were called neutralizers
and my mind's blanking out on what they
were supplements that's what they were
they were called supplements in the
previous one but they look the same and
there's
the basic type of ingredients that a lot
of things require
yeah this is going great
and as i recall it's going great way
too much time trying to figure out what
good will happen
where i should place things and in what
order
is this really okay
[Music]
it really doesn't matter with
and that made five of them which i
wasn't i remember being surprised that
it made
multiples but i'm not going to complain
about that
no effects or traits because i can't do
that yet
those come later
i need to make some acetyl which is
basically just paper
and that requires the neutralizer
[Music]
along with some plants and water
i don't know if i should be including
all the
crafting in here the thing is sometimes
the crafting ends up with a cut scene
right after so
i'd hate to just do all the crafting on
off screen and then suddenly have to
start
recording because sudden suddenly a cut
scene
but i know just playing around with all
the different crafting options
can potentially be kind of boring to
watch
i know plot and battle is probably a
little bit more interesting to watch
than
trying to figure out how to craft stuff
especially with post commentary when
on on an item like this when i was just
spending so much time agonizing over
things that i really should know better
than to agonize over
[Music]
is this really okay they're being backed
out
made a different choice
this should go here
oh right this is going well
yeah see i even backed out and changed
my mind again
yeah this is going great and i can bet
i'm going to change my mind again
yep see this is great
[Applause]
and eventually i figure out i'm not i
don't think i can get everything to fit
perfectly on this no matter what i do
yeah this is going great eventually just
kind of give it up and throw things on
wherever they fit i think more or less
[Music]
is this really okay okay and that
probably could have been placed better
but again it really doesn't matter at
this point but i got four settle out of
that
settle again is basically just a basic
low-level paper
up to alchemy level seven
[Music]
even though i'm 7 and that's a level 10
item
just says quality will decrease i don't
know if you can actually fail
an item in this one
i haven't heard anything about that and
i certainly haven't failed anything any
crafts i've tried to make so far here
will this go well okay
i'll try it
[Music]
all right this looks great
yeah in the beginning crafting i kind of
figured they would be but i really
noticed
that those pre-order items extra
pre-order items i get are really
kind of pathetic which you know i'm not
too surprised on
i wonder if the doll making set that i
get with the pre-order is interesting
but i'm
not sure when that's going to actually
come up like
i've decided this material goes here all
right
this looks great keep hoping it'll
[Music]
turn into a humanoid soon and it keeps
not happening
[Music]
will this go well and see there i back
out again
can't really decide what i want to do
going great
i think this would be best here
will this go well
probably should have had that up a bit i
don't remember if i redo this one or not
okay it's time to finish but i don't
think it really matters that much
even though i do end up making bombs now
that's only one bomb but it does have
four uses
[Applause]
and i still need to make a uni bag
[Music]
i'm just gonna throw things in on this
one okay
i'll try it i think
this would be best here i just noticed
that the colors
of the squares oh right this looks great
team preset
going great i hadn't really noticed
that before i thought the colors of the
squares are more had to do with what you
place down but it looks like the
outlines around the colors of the
squares are
basically preset which is interesting
and something that i'll need to remember
when i'm actually doing crafting where
that matters
i do get physical damage m out of that
placement
medium yeah i should finish it quick
it's good
[Applause]
[Music]
and i got another alchemy level not
quite level 10 yet
i think i do get another skill at level
10 but i don't remember if this was that
video or the next one
i recorded two videos in a row this was
the first one the second one didn't have
any problems with the commentary or at
least it recorded a commentary
this one didn't even record anything
[Music]
you need to form a monster at night and
complete requests
that monster the farm monster at night
is in the monster on the farm at night
is in that wolf
which i ran away from the first time i
encountered it but i decided to go ahead
and go after it here
after equipping some items so that i can
actually
use some items against it and i don't
have to rely just on attacks and special
attacks
i put some items on everybody
[Music]
everyone can use some items which is
really nice and convenient
because i think i mentioned the previous
games
only alchemists could actually use
battle items
but here a lot of like recovery items
anyone can make and some attack
or something anyone can use and some
attack items even anyone can use
[Music]
there are limits of five items and
there's also limits of equipment cost
but the items i have
are too low level for the equipment cost
to really
factor in i mean it might if i tried to
throw five items on one person
but at this point that's not really
happening
get aside to check out the cafe first
just to see if there's any other
requests i should pick up which request
will you accept
[Music]
and we do have a couple we can turn in
it eats into our supplies but we can get
more
[Music]
i think i do go ahead and turn these in
if i remember right
but i don't know where those show up i
still haven't seen any of those yet
or any of those but they might show up
on a different time of day
or during the rain or something else
that i haven't encountered yet
in a particular place because that
really does matter
[Music]
like that fancy looking ghost may show
up only in a certain place at night that
i've only been to during the day
don't know about the gargoyle though
i have some ideas where that one might
show up but it might be a place where i
haven't
actually been able to get to yet
because restoring pluckta's memories is
what seems to unlock
places with a few exceptions
but mostly it's by restoring ploctus
memories
[Music]
and that does get up to the next memory
but since i'm all equipped i may as well
go fight the wolf anyway
[Music]
all right where to get that taken care
of
just because i want to get it taken care
[Music]
it's not quite evening yet but it
won't take long for it to be evening
hey let's do our best yeah take out some
poonies real easy
[Music]
now some of these guys if they attack
see that was just one hit point but
the the same type of enemy can show up i
found out with different levels
and the higher level ones even the same
enemy
can hurt
broke a sweat there i also want to fight
that wolf to
maybe get up to level five oh plus that
got me
another request done there
[Music]
gather up some things to pass the time
and now the wolf should be there
there it is is it called a wolf or is it
called something else
they look pretty strong
i decided to start off with some items
yeah
throw some bombs on it i need to figure
out what blue flames
does that that bomb has i find out i can
look that up
and it deals large amounts of additional
damage that ignores defense which
sounds like a pretty good thing to me
especially to throw at a stronger
monster
and he can use uh bombs and any bags too
that bomb you inflicts burns
and you will buff everyone so they do
more damage with attacks
this item is really effective it's super
effective
but so was that
and at this point i notice that with
those two bombs
well now first i decided to heal her up
because
that took like half her hp
i do wonder that that thing is on her
right arm though still haven't figured
that out other than just
fancy costume design thingy which
is entirely possible in this series but
it does look a little odd
and that really hurt
[Music]
but we took it out and we
almost got a level but not quite
[Music]
grab a few more gathering thingies
the wolf's back don't think i want to
fight another one
[Music]
and i notice wait what was that a
question mark
[Music]
an idea
for crafting flour so apparently just
finding random spots in the world
i can get more recipe ideas
so at this point i start looking around
to see if there's any more around here
that i might have missed somehow
where should i go
[Music]
oh yes and we want to check out the
hives advantage by bees which is
nope it's over the glowing blue thing of
course
all the way back over there
i really hope there's not a time limit
on this game i heard there wasn't
on the more recent athlete or games
because having to plan things out
if you wanted to get the best without
having to do multiple playthroughs which
you had to do anyway
[Music]
but that finishes up the hives abandoned
by bees got quite a number of honeycombs
there
or beehives like i think they call them
go beat up some plants
you know he can talk to plants can he
like talk these guys into leaving us
alone or something i think i decided to
use one of the uni bags at some point
nope maybe i do
[Music]
i don't even remember
i think i'm debating here because yeah
she's low on hp so i just decided to
defend with her
and aoe and just beat everything else up
because she can't buff everyone right
now
[Music]
so just attack for the moment
ouch here i go
time to clean things up i do think the
that defending does
assuming it's not something that ignores
defense i think that basically doubles
your defense so you take half damage
because i believe she gets hit when not
defending and takes eight by the same
enemy
[Music]
yeah see
i thought there's only one left and it's
on break status so just beat it up
and we got level five which was my main
goal for that fight
i can apply this experience to the
future no special skills learning
for the plants but more stats which is
always a good thing
[Music]
run around do a little bit more
gathering because why not
where are we going next i think we're
going home at this
point
we're a little hurt
we automatically rest
[Music]
we can make flour
which is an ingredient and again powder
and we can make an ingot which is a
weapon material and a battle
[Music]
i should take the ingot back over to
loji
now that i've made one or well i will
make one before the end of this episode
i'm pretty sure
[Music]
how's that plucked up let's see it seems
a small part of my memories have come
back
really what did you remember this time
[Music]
i know i'm not a normal book i was
created using alchemy
that's why you can fly and talk also i
remembered my purpose
your purpose yes my purpose is to store
knowledge of alchemy
as a reference book i am to change hands
between alchemists accumulating their
wisdom
that is my purpose it seems i have been
possessed by many alchemists so far for
that goal
and that's why you ended up with my
grandma too yes
although i was set aside by your
grandmother as soon as she obtained me
sorry about that blockta it's fine
you're writing knowledge of alchemy into
me in her place now
thanks to you i've been able to fulfill
my purpose and regain my lost memories
at the same time
[Music]
if possible i would be grateful if he
continued to write new knowledge into me
of course i will placto all right i'm
gonna write all kinds of things into you
[Music]
things like recipes for delicious sweets
and how to make cute accessories
all kinds of stuff sophie please refrain
from writing things other than
information about alchemy
like to told you about a new gathering
field she remembered
and a book that changes hands
accumulating knowledge over generations
uh hello book of darkness or tome of the
night sky
um i hope it doesn't go berserk when we
fill it
so i believe at this point i decide i
need to pick up some ore
to make an ingot so we can get that
taken care of
an idea from a beehive but i don't think
i can use the ones i already have i have
to go pick up another
and that i get from performing synthesis
and obtaining water
well we can get some water right out
here
[Music]
and it makes a little bitty tiny dent in
that progress
and we can't do it twice in a row
without like leaving and coming back
but we can go to the cafe check out the
requests
welcome thank you which request will you
accept you can report that one
thank you very much here is your payment
got another item one down there
[Music]
that i hadn't seen at this point i do
pick up some eventually
but uh not here nor that
so i can report give a couple different
items here
and i think i get more money for
reporting more of them but i need to get
a minimum of
a few of them so i think i get a bonus
for doing two different kinds but i
don't have any natural
oil thank you very much
[Music]
welcome i'll see you again
just checking for any random cut scenes
hey so if we blow anything up again
today yeah well
same to you if i bake it the bad smell
goes away but the texture gets worse
in that case maybe i should leave a
little on the smell and steam it instead
my head's filled with ideas for food
yeah whatever
don't think there's much reason to talk
to most of the generic npcs
i have new merchandise
well except that you don't really have
anything i need right at the moment
not sure how much i like the idea system
versus
buying books and just getting things via
plot like the previous games
[Music]
just running around to see if i can spot
any other cut scenes
nothing in there
[Music]
[Applause]
this place should be fine
or maybe over here is better
who's she i've never seen her before
it seems the previous place was best
yes that's good enough for today
ah who was she
and which way did she go
not sure where she went or where i will
see her again
do you have anything interesting
probably not and
you don't
[Music]
time to go chasing cutscenes again
maybe she's over there
nope nothing here maybe
over here
nope no cut scene there
maybe over here
[Music]
nope no cut scene there how about here
no cut scene
but i should probably pick up some
that needs a bee hive and that needs
synthesis and water
i believe at this point i decided i need
to go to the blacksmith to pick up some
more
hello hey there sophie do you want some
new weapons
yeah pretty much but you seem really
busy right now
no i was just putting the finishing
touches onto this i'm about to be done
with it
[Music]
the weapons you make are really amazing
they're strong and pretty
i'm happy you said that but i still have
a long ways to go
wait really from my point of view i
think everything you make is amazing
[Music]
well for example this sword polish on
the blade is subpar
hilt is also uneven and misshapen
there's a lot more things about it i can
point out
once you see the techniques of a real
craftsman i look like an amateur
[Music]
i didn't know i couldn't tell at all but
it sounds like you're really serious
about this
of course i am this is my business
naturally i want to provide the best
products i can to my customers
people would know if i have asked my job
or rushed through forging my wares
even if i was able to stay in business
i'd be a failure as a craftsman
she's really amazing i need to work
harder at my alchemy too
i've got some new wares what do you buy
i'm buying some ore because
i want to craft stuff that needs ore
that's a deal
this is a that's a deal let's get a
couple of each
this that's a
[Music]
hacker that's a deal
an earth trouble that can inflict poison
[Music]
master for quality and flex poison
is 150 but i may as well grab it
i'll see see if i can equip it right now
oscar doesn't and doesn't boost his
stats
but it does inflict poison unlike his
previous weapon
so i it's an improvement i guess
meanwhile let's go back in here
go ahead and craft that ingot
thought about ending it but we're only
what should i make
we can go ahead and do a bit of crafting
first
what material should i use
i spent a lot of time agonizing over
materials
looking at the size they take up most of
those are the same except that one
vertical one
or that one horizontal one i mean
fuel has a lot more variety in shape
is this really okay okay then
let's start
yeah this is going great yeah this is
going great
yeah everything's looking good to start
with until we get to here and realize i
can't
quite fit things
in that set because i
can't rotate them but this is going
great if that were vertical
then i could fill everything
so i need to swap out the radenor for
one that's vertical
that's easy enough we've got plenty of
those
don't think it matters too much which
one i use
and i don't even know what effect it's
going to have
to fill everything out i still don't
let's start
don't know what kind of bonus that's
getting it gets me yeah this is going
great
yeah this is going great
[Music]
yeah this is going great but i do
get everything there all right i'm
really into this
and all but two of the spots actually
have little circle thingies in them
so that's good right
okay
[Music]
and we got two ingots out of that
i need to look around through the
alchemy screens and see
where it shows how many i'm making per
craft
and we may as well make some normal
flower while we're here
takes three of these
i don't think it really matters too much
which things i pick
for the purposes right now at least
[Music]
will this go well
okay i'll try it all right let's see
green in the corners and then red for
everything else
now that i see those things in the
corners that's interesting
to know about oh this reaction is
interesting we need to see if there's
some way to like i feel like preview
what that's gonna be for planning
purposes
[Music]
and it says ingredient plus five is an
effect whatever that means
guess that means it counts as five extra
for the ingredient category
but i'm not quite advanced enough into
alchemy for that to
really mean a whole lot to me right now
a little bit more progress to the next
memory
[Music]
guess i can go out and grab a bit more
water
[Music]
a little tiny bit more progress to the
next memory
check around to see if there's anything
else that i can
get anything from and it doesn't look
like there is
so may as well save and end the episode
here
hope you enjoy well let's take a quick
glance at what we need
next we need to pick up a beehive
[Music]
they have some but i need to go pick
some up
but that will be next time
once again thanks for watching hope you
enjoy
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
so i believe what we need to do next is
go over
to the world map
[Music]
and go over
well we'll have to check those places
out oh those link that's convenient
and we got more stuff going on there
where are we going